Corporations :
Several corporations per country (max 10?)
has the ethic from a random (free) pop
has a headquarter on one of the overlords planets
start small, not may energy credits
invest in exploration, then construction ships
pay country to have the right (license) to build a station (policies adjustable)
give survey data to overlord (and all other corps), gets paid for it
first only mining stations
then science stations
then refinery/advanced stations (consume resources to produce resources). Probably doesn't need deposit
pay tribute to overlord (scripted to adjust to policies)
has a "happiness" which controls relationship to country

Can have "wars" with each others/corp from other countries?

They may build small habitats? Lag?
They may colonize. Full scripted planets?
If enough planets/fleets and low happiness, may split from country to form an autonomous country (pseudo rebellion)

May merge with another corp (same ethic?)

Own techs ?
Country may pay corp to get techs?

Convoys
Spawn from one planet, goes to another planet
Costs resources to build, produces resources on arrival
=> costs a lot if destroyed
=> simulate trade
May have military escort (can't merge probably, so look at speed)


Military
corp can build military ships to patrol, protect convos, explore (follow science ship), escort supply ships
Maybe build in reaction to pirates (some ethics may build more earlier? policies?)


Science ships
corp can build science ships to go explore (should give overlord intel as well)
Get payed when surveying planets/systems (anomalies handling? Probably some huge random list. Annoying)


Leaders
can switch from country to corp if not employed
Can switch back to country periodically
Gains experience and/or traits
Can get abducted by pirates?


Pirates
spawn more if corp rich and not a lot of military (ratio goes down => pirates harm corps => corps build fleets => pirates wait for richess/fleets ratio to go down => ...)
attack convoys, maybe supply lines
Maybe raid planets (country too?)
Sell slaves on the market?
Attack stations
Have spawn bases (no need to have 1 country per base?)
Use the loot to build newer ships (strength goes up, so you need to keep them in check)
Corps may pay pirates to attack other corps?
When destroying a science ship, abduct the leader and ransom?


Supply lines, similar to supply mod
By default assured by the state, costs more
Once corps start competing for it, costs drop down a bit (would also slow down early aggression?)
Supply points, ships
supply lines sent from corps, you pay on arrival
they use their resources to protect their convoys (merge fleets?)
When (military) fleet is underway for too long, they lose health/power until supplied
Ships supplied when in a system with a friendly outpost? (to reduce supply ships) or only starbase?


